1. I would eliminate s. 3.4 re enforcement of rules. The section is not needed, and in any case it is weak from a legal standpoint. One of the problems we constantly face is that there are really no strong laws to force Canada to act on climate change. The Charter right has not been established, although there is a case in Sarnia being brought by Ecojustice to try to establish the right to a clean environment. The other laws also sound good but they are weak, and it is not clear they can be used to protect people from climate change. And this is of course a good analogy to the tobacco situation in that there were no strong laws to protect people from the harm of cigarettes. Ultimately there were some civil suits but, more importantly the science became overwhelmingly strong (-- and even then there was strong resistance).

Ultimately you don't need the law to make your case -- and as I say, it's weak on all fronts. Your case is one based on moral and scientific imperatives. This is a major social justice issue that must be addressed. You have found a good way to bring your challenge based on the science and based on the obligation to protect the poor, among other things.

2. In terms of ecosystems, the salmon issue is nicely stated but you might shorten the section and also bring up another species. Some people will think of the BC salmon situation where there was a fair bit of conflicting information about the state of salmon populations. 

3. In any case, the science of climate change can't seriously be debated except by --- as someone put it recently --- kooks and people in the oil and gas industry. Mostly, your audience and the media will focus on your executive summary and your demand. You only need to include the climate science to show you have done your homework but most people won't bother to read it. You don't even have to know the science to see climate change given the increase in climate disasters.

Here are some minor edits:

* you might emphasize that U of T is an academic instititution with access to leading science and research -- and therefore a leadership role is expected, especially in the context of governments that are failing to take the lead. [You already make this point in other ways -- so a minor suggestion.]
p. 7 "There" should be "these" in para 2, line 1
* in FN 9 - is it really a "therm" of natural gas -- just not familiar with that word.
p 15 - you say "between $2 and $7 billion" -- you may want to say between $2 billion and $7 billion ...
p. 12 - "climate change [are] is ..." -- did you simply want to correct the error in the original? and therefore write "climate change [is] ..."
*you mention CO2 at 390 -- I think there were recent reports of 400 ppm! Of course the 2 degrees C as a safe temp is just a good bet but shouldn't give us any great confidence.
p. 20 bottom -- "which" should be eliminated (last line)
p. 22 bottom line - check the last quote: sounds odd
p. 23 last para - The WHO also "claims" -- that's a weak word -- consider "says" "found" "concludes"
p. 24 first para "rodent-borne" -- add the hyphen
p. 26 bottom - Natural ResourceS Canada
p. 27 last para - the web page should be a FN
p. 28 second para - I would stay away from a focus on the 2005 data -- it was a bad year and things have gotten better; much of our air pollution is from US coal plants -- the numbers are now better but your main point of climate change exacerbating air pollution etc is good
p. 28 last line -- the "put" is not necessary
p. 29 first para - you might also mention Hurricane Katrina which showed the impact on the poor most starkly
p. 30 second line - should the "not living in family" be "living in family..."
p. 30 line 3: "earlier" instead of "early"
p. 30, last sentence in second full para: "effect" instead of "affect"
p. 32, first para -- replace "digging up" with extracted and then you can replace the second "extracted" with exploited [of course oil is only dug up in some types of tar sands work]
p. 32, last para -- you might not need the word burned ie in terms of market value of companies - their money is made on the basis of exploiting reserves and selling them ie not sure you need the word burned because they have already made their money before anything gets burned
p. 36, para 2 in 3.5 -- I would just say that the science of climate change is now overwhelming and beyond serious dispute -- or something like that -- you needed debate it with a reasonably intelligent audience
p. 37 para 3 "calling for [instead of "on"] an end to apartheid
p. 37 "first tabled"
p. 37, last line "by direct implication" -- take out "on"
p. 38, last para -- "compelling fossil fuel companies to leave significant reserves untapped or underground" -- instead of unburned since they don't really burn the stuff, just take it out