Wow - this is a very impressive report.  I'm sorry this has come at a time of year when it's hard for me to read the whole report carefully.  However, I have 3 quick reactions to the abstract, one small, one technical, and one substantive.  




1) The small point is that I think I think you are at once too hard and too easy on people who use fossil fuels - which, actually, is virtually of us (unless we're completely off grid or exclusively use renewables). One really challenging thing about the problem of climate change is not so much that people push costs onto others, but that those who are seeking a solution also are part of the problem (benefit from fossil fuel use) and this makes it hard for us to build coalitions to take drastic action needed to solve the problem.  The flip side is that people who benefit also do impose costs on themselves, though the costs tend to be perceived as in the future.  That is, virtually all of us are both causes and potential solutions. I think this is more important to emphasize than suggesting that everyone who uses fossil fuels is benefitting at the expense of others.  




2) Technically, the executive summary is very well written, but it's a bit long and detailed.  If you could cut it down a bit, I think it might be more effective.  




3) The one substantive issue I personally have with boycotts is when they are all stick and no carrot, and it sounds like this proposal is being framed that way.  While I agree with almost all the arguments, to say we should simply divest from these companies seems to suggest they are THE cause of the problem and if we eliminated them, everything would be better.  Isn't the real point to move investments to renewables or companies committed to "keeping it in the ground" or finding other ways to decrease emissions etc.?  Couldn't part of the goal of the campaign be to reward companies that move in this direction or change rather than simply divesting from all companies engaged in extraction?  Under this proposal, there is no way for any company involved in any way with extraction - even if it is moving to slow or decrease or eventually end extraction - to escape divestment.  I know it's easier to frame things in this stark way - but shouldn't a good boycott campaign aim to change behaviour?  If it just aims to demonize companies, what incentive do they have to change (and even if every university divested, the largest companies will still likely survive and thrive because of demand with little incentive to change - but smaller companies that may be more vulnerable to pressure to change will just be less competitive if the campaign actually works).  






Anyway, perhaps the report addresses this concern - or the political strategy still makes sense despite it - that's just my quick reaction.